oh mr. Tarrou mine area and the
face well I think divac's kinda shown my
stock birth Candace you Dada
go to in Florida ah alaya of the place
and Ivanka to the eye area see what was
the thing for Jessie well of our last
full day to last a fire kills
are you is a face like stuffing
container if you're ready focus on you
she died involved tough play I sing
without food open up and it's a cry and
I start to let you know the bed it was
upsetting the dog was the day what you
Chinese okay and but it's a muscle car
Obagi to fluid oh oh I know
Oh Alice funding financing high pitch
high for Tibetan chakra are you dumb oh
my god you are so oh okay
yes sir I so welcome to best use it a
pair tukya
sing ha ha sing up they did this F I
squash you up a singer
you have to hide yourself thoughts of
your kid
there's so spare time my suicide the
shop
I seen yo can you eat a few Masyaf look
at the phone and sing up your it's a
novice you are available listen well you
see that - you think - oh yeah see
that's down knock over super hot but he
doesn't want to boys Oh
personal esteem - lying yeah you
cannot down fighting your ciao